Add installation docs (#378)
kubearchive/kubearchive: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/installation.adoc

= Installation

ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" == "main"]
:download-path: https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/latest/download
endif::[]
ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" != "main"]
:download-path: https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/download/{page-component-display-version}
endif::[]

This document explains how to install and configure KubeArchive in your Kubernetes cluster.

== Prerequisites

* A PostgreSQL instance
* CertManager is installed on the Kubernetes cluster (+v1.9.1)
* Knative Eventing is installed on the Kubernetes cluster (+v1.15.0)

== Prepare the Database

. Create a user and a password for KubeArchive to use.

> . Create a database for the user to use.

Reviewer: Since the database is for KubeArchive, could you reword this? Something like "Create a database for KubeArchive,  with admin permissions granted to the user you just created."

Author: Done

> . As the user, execute the `ddl.sql` we provide in the database, located at:

Reviewer: I think this should either be "we provide for initializing the database" or "we provide in the `database` directory", depending on your intention.

Author: Done

+
[source,bash,subs="attributes"]
----

> wget {download-path}/ddl.sql

Reviewer: The file `ddl.sql` is in the `database` directory. Doesn't that need to be part of the path for `wget`?

Author: No, the `wget` points to a release file. See the different files related to a release in knative eventing: https://github.com/knative/eventing/releases

> . As the user, execute the `ddl-resource.sql` we provide for initializing the database, located at:

Reviewer 2: This should all be *in* the SQL file. There's no reason for the user to do this.

> Create ada user

I also think there's a typo here.

Author: Fixed the typo. I created #381 to discuss this.

psql -h database.example.com -U username ... -f ddl-resource.sql
----
+
This file creates a PostgreSQL schema, a table for KubeArchive and other stuff KubeArchive
requires.

== Install and Configure KubeArchive

. Apply the release YAML to install KubeArchive:
+
[source,bash,subs="attributes"]
----
kubectl apply -n kubearchive -f {download-path}/kubearchive.yaml
----

. Provide the credentials for the database in the `kubearchive-database-credentials` secret:
+
[source,bash]
----
cat <<EOF > /tmp/patch.yaml
stringData:
  POSTGRES_URL: <your-postgresql-url>
  POSTGRES_USER: <kubearchive-username>
  POSTGRES_DB: <kubearchive-database>

>   POSTGRES_PASSWORD: '<kubearchive-password>'

Reviewer 2: We can have defaults for all of these with the exception of POSTGRES_URL and put them in the SQL file.  Then if the user wants to change them, we can just note how to do that.

EOF
kubectl patch -n kubearchive secret kubearchive-database-credentials --patch-file /tmp/patch.yaml
----

> . Restart the `kubearchive-api-server` and `kubearchive-sink` Deployments so they get the
> changes on the database credentials secret:

Reviewer: Should be "...so they get the changes **to** the database credentials secret" or "...to update the database credentials secret"

```suggestion
. Restart the `kubearchive-api-server` and `kubearchive-sink` Deployments to update
the database credentials secret:
```

Author: Done

> +

Reviewer 2: If the database is configured ahead of time, there is no need to restart these services.  

Why not just have the users download the file, edit it and add the POSTGRES_URL value, and apply it.  It seems simpler than letting the install happen and then patching it.  It also allows a user to change the other values as well if they have changed them from the default when creating the database.

Author: I will create a issue to review how we handle this.

> = Installation

Reviewer 3: To keep the doc more readable I'd move the logic of creating the download path to the top of the doc and extract it to a variable:

```suggestion
ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" == "main"]
:releases-download-path: https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/latest/download
endif::[]
ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" != "main"]
:releases-download-path: https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/download/{page-component-display-version}
endif::[]

= Installation
```

Author: Ah, very nice. Done.

This document explains how to install and configure KubeArchive in your Kubernetes cluster.

== Prerequisites

* A PostgreSQL instance
* CertManager is installed on the Kubernetes cluster (+v1.9.1)
* Knative Eventing is installed on the Kubernetes cluster (+v1.15.0)

== Prepare the Database

. Create a user and a password for KubeArchive to use.
. Create a database for the user to use.

> . As the user, execute the `ddl.sql` we provide in the database, located at:

Author: Right, I'll leave this open in case that PR goes first.

+
[source,bash,subs="attributes"]

> ----
> ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" == "main"]
> https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/latest/download/ddl.sql
> endif::[]
> ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" != "main"]
> https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/download/{page-component-display-version}/ddl.sql
> endif::[]
> ----

Reviewer 3: Following the suggestion of extracting the release download path to a variable this can be simpler:

```suggestion
----
{releases-download-path}/ddl.sql
----
```

Reviewer 3: also, as this is just a link maybe makes more sense to have it outside the bash section to be just an external link

Author: I did some changes.

+

> This file creates a PostgreSQL schema, a table for KubeArchive and other stuff KubeArchive
> requires.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can also point the user to a way to apply directly through `psql` CLI

```suggestion
This file creates a PostgreSQL schema, a table for KubeArchive and other stuff KubeArchive
requires. It can be applied with `-f` option of `psql` CLI. See
link:https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html#APP-PSQL-OPTION-FILE[docs].
```

Author: I changed the block slightly, now its `wget` + `psql` with example parameters.

== Install and Configure KubeArchive

. Apply the release YAML to install KubeArchive:
+
[source,bash,subs="attributes"]

> ----
> ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" == "main"]
> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/latest/download/kubearchive.yaml
> endif::[]
> ifeval::["{page-component-display-version}" != "main"]
> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubearchive/kubearchive/releases/download/{page-component-display-version}/kubearchive.yaml
> endif::[]
> ----

Reviewer 3: Following the suggestion of extracting the release download path to a variable, this can be simpler:

```suggestion
----
kubectl apply -f {release-download-path}/kubearchive.yaml
----
```

. Provide the credentials for the database in the `kubearchive-database-credentials` secret:
+
[source,bash]
----
cat <<EOF > /tmp/patch.yaml
stringData:
  POSTGRES_URL: <your-postgresql-url>
  POSTGRES_USER: <kubearchive-username>
  POSTGRES_DB: <kubearchive-database>

>   POSTGRES_PASSWORD: '<kubearchive-password>'  # notsecret

Reviewer 3: Is the `#notsecret` directive needed here?

Author: I will remove it and let's see, maybe the secrets scanner does not notice.
